So to conclude this event module, let's answer another question.
I was talking about the fact that if you don't stop propagation like I do here, you're triggering the
inner and outer div event listeners in this case here.
What if you actually wanted to trigger the outer one first because even if you click on the yellow one,
you might for some reason first want to check if the outer one should handle this event.
So you need to reverse the order so that you're not starting in the inner element but instead in the
outer one? You can easily do this by adding another parameter to the event listeners here.
So here to the outer listener, to the outer event, you can add
true for example
and if I now run this code, you'll see that clicked outer happens first.
So by adding this third parameter and setting it to true, you're telling Javascript that this event listener
should have the priority here and the parent should handle the event first before the child.
And oftentimes, you won't need this functionality but it's good to know in cases where you actually
want to check in the outer event handler if this event handler should handle the event or if it should
just let it pass and let the inner one, the yellow one in this case here handle the event.
So that's just an important note regarding the changing of the order which is possible with this third
argument here.